cat your mother called she wants you to
come home now
Oh I'll see you later bye John dog you
need to come in and do your homework
mother I've looked everywhere for him
don't worry John
I'm sure the tip will show up in the
morning father we thank you for the
promise to give us your peace if we
trust in you please protect John's dog
tip from all harm and returning to us if
it is your will what's the matter John
well let's think the last time I saw him
we were getting the ball out of the tree
right and the last time I saw him was
when I got the way you were in the shed
all the time who what do you know I
guess you didn't hear him bark it
doesn't matter now
we found you tip do I hear tip barking
yes mother
we found him in the shed he got lost kid
would jog but the rake away I'm so glad
you found
God for keeping tip safe and for helping
me to find